## What's Happening

Some of this I'm writing in Cursor, using Claude (with my personal
account). And other parts I am writing as I would normally, using
Emacs.  I try to keep track of how much assistance Claude has been in
the development of any given module.

I wrote an original set of goals as a prompt for this project in
GOALS.md, and that was used that was used to generate the TODO.md

README.md is regenerated whenever I remember to ask the AI to do so
based on the current state of the project.

I wrote a set of rules about unit testing as a prompt, and that was
used to generate [tests/TESTING_RULES.md](tests/TESTING_RULES.md).
All of the unit tests and the test data is generated by AI prompt.
I ask it to focus on a particular segment of the code at a time,
usually in order from basic features to layered and more advanced
features.

This project is WIP, and there's some generated code I have no
intention of using but still haven't gotten around to re-writing.


## Vibe Coding Tiers

It's not particularly scientific, but here's my tier system.

0. Pure Human - This means I wrote every single piece of it. Claude
   may have scanned it at some point, or even in review mentioned it
   in a report, but only I have edited it.

1. AI Assisted, Mostly Human - This means that I'll let Claude tweak
   the file, but for the most part I'm writing the code myself

2. AI Generated with Human Rework - This means Claude spat out the
   majority of the file, and I've just been tweaking it as needed

3. AI Generated - This is mostly unit tests and things I haven't
   gotten to yet. I let Claude spit out the whole thing and manage
   changes in it.


<!-- The end. -->
